west bromwich albion had lost their
previous eight meetings with the Premier
League's big four and has never taken
the Premier League point of Liverpool
and the Reds soon found their rhythm
gerard to Ben I Yoon but it stayed
goalless or at least it did until the
34th minute of this game Robbie Keane's
managed a couple of Champions League
goals this season now he has his first
in the Premier League since joining
Liverpool lovely pass from Gerard good
movement one nil Liverpool's dominance
was total West Brom rarely had decent
possession count found Mascherano moved
just needed a firmer finish but one nil
became too a couple of minutes before
half-time West Brom's attempt to play
offside didn't quite work keen was a way
to latch on to our ray Leo's pass and
score his second of the game it's fair
to say that Robbie Keane's first half
goals pretty much finished off this
match as a contest the alvian were a
little better after the break Robert
Korins run needed a more accurate finish
Chris Brunt left the substitutes bench
and tried to catch out Liverpool keeper
Pepe Reina but it stayed to nil
the red sports fernando torres off the
bench that even he was firing blanks and
it looked as if rafa benitez that have
to settle for just two goals but in time
a lead on are below i joined the attack
and curled in a fine third to liverpool
they keep their one hundred percent
Premier League record against west brom
with an aggregate now as 22 goals to nil
you